Bump github/codeql-action from 3.28.3 to 3.30.2 (#394)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/marketplace/services/rnsdomains/techspecs.md

![](/assets/img/rif-marketplace/rifmkt-rns-arch.png)

The main **high-level components** are:

The architectre is composed of service-specific **smart contracts** deployed on the RSK blockchain, a shared read-only **cache** for performance and scalability, and a **front-end (UI)** application which allows users to easily connect, browse the available services and interact with other Marketplace participants. 

 - **RIF Marketplace UI** - the main web UI where all transactions originate.
 - **Cache** - a cache that stores the state of the Smart Contract in an easy-readable format and does some basic preprocessing on it.
 - **Smart Contract** - where the state of RNS Domains buying/selling transactions is stored and managed.

## Implementation notes

### Currency Conversions

There is a `rates` service implemented in the Cache which periodically gets the currency conversion rates between all relevant currencies and tokens and stores this information in the database.

### Keys management 

Keys are kept at the user's normal Wallet (e.g., Metamask), and all transactions will be originating from RIF Marketplace UI where they will be signed using this Wallet. 

### Name Resolution

> Depending on the time and the way a domain was registered by the user it may be possible that the readable domain cannot be obtained. This is due to the way on which RNS domains are stored on the blockchain as hashes and not in the readable form. In these cases the RIF Marketplace UI will display an *Unknown(0x123..)* label for those domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the time and the way a domain was registered by the user, it is possible that the readable domain cannot be obtained. This is due to the way on which RNS domains are stored on the blockchain as hashes and not in the readable form. In these cases the RIF Marketplace UI will display an *Unknown(0x123..)* label for those domains.
```

Reading this, I think more details regarding "Depending on the time and the way a domain was registered by the user" are necessary. Otherwise the reader may assume that there is a bug in the implementation. For example, we can state that the domain will only be readable after a number block confirmations. And then also include a link to the part of the RNS docs which specifies this is greater technical detail, where the different registration methods are detailed.

Reviewer 2: I can try to gather more details on the situations that can cause this.

## Glossary

 - Actors

>     - **Buyer** - actor that wants buyan RNS Domain on the RIF Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Buyer** - actor that wants buy an RNS Domain on the RIF Marketplace.
```
